---
title: Blackstone Portfolio Company Onyx Renewable Partners Establishes Strategic Alliance with Corvias Solutions to Implement Solar Offerings across Corvias's Public-Private Partnership Portfolio
date: '2015-06-18'
---

New York, New York, June 18, 2015. Blackstone (NYSE: BX), together with its portfolio company Onyx Renewable Partners ("Onyx"), is pleased to announce a partnership between Onyx and Corvias Solutions ("Corvias") to implement renewable energy offerings across the Corvias Group's public-private partnership portfolio, including Department of Defense, higher education, and municipal partnerships.

Corvias provides long-term and sustainable partnership-based solutions for the program, construction, and asset management of military and student housing and public infrastructure.  By implementing an environmentally responsible and at scale renewable solution, Onyx and Corvias are assisting public institutions such as the U.S. military in their efforts to create more resilient and sustainable power solutions as well as greater energy cost savings and predictability.

Onyx is owned by funds managed by Blackstone and was established in October 2014 to identify and to develop North American renewable power projects. Blackstone has been a long-time supporter of U.S. military service members and their families, pledging in April 2013 to hire 50,000 veterans across its portfolio over five years.

Matt Rosenblum, Chief Executive Officer of Onyx, said, "It is a privilege to partner with Corvias to deliver comprehensive solar generation across its portfolio to support their public partners,  such as the Department of Defense, in achieving their renewable energy goals. This infrastructure will enable efficient and sustainable energy solutions and provide significant cost savings for years to come."

Greg Cannito, Managing Director of Corvias Solutions, said, "We are excited to partner with Onyx and Blackstone in offering tailored solar power solutions to our portfolio of public-private partnerships nationwide. By doing so, we will be able to deploy solar as additional value to each of our projects, reducing costs, and supporting our public partners in meeting their energy and sustainability goals."

Sean Klimczak, a Senior Managing Director of Blackstone who oversees Blackstone's power and natural resources investments, said, "We are very pleased to have this opportunity to work together with Corvias in supporting their innovative public partners.  We believe these next-generation renewable energy projects have enormous potential to improve the quality of life for US military service members and their families, students and municipality residents alike."
