---
title: Coalition For Community Solar Access Announces Founding Membership and Highlights Dramatic Growth
date: '2016-05-10'
about:
  - "/partners/ccsa"
  - "/partners/onyx"
---

## The Nation's First-Ever Trade Association for Community Solar Has More Than Tripled Membership Since Launch Three Months Ago

Washington, D.C. --- The Coalition for Community Solar Access (CCSA) today announced its full founding membership, highlighted accomplishments of its first three months in operation and launched a new website.

"We're thrilled at the dramatic growth of CCSA in just our first few months of existence," said CCSA Executive Director Jeff Cramer. "The involvement of a growing number of businesses from across the country, from startups to household names, is further evidence of the power and potential of community solar nationwide. Our growing membership, comprising the leaders in the development of community solar across the country, will increasingly drive the dialogue on expanding access to affordable, clean energy for all Americans."

CCSA's full founding membership has more than tripled in three months and now includes twenty-five leading businesses in the solar energy market. The Coalition's founding membership includes: Clean Energy Collective; Community Energy Inc.; Ethical Electric; First Solar; NRG; Ecoplexus; Recurrent Energy; Soltage; 3 Degrees; BayWa R.E.; Cypress Creek Renewables; EnterSolar; M+W Group; One Energy Renewables; Onyx Renewable Partners; REC Solar; Renovus; SunPower Corporation; Stion Solar; Amazon; Ballard Spahr; Chadbourne & Park; Foley Hoag; Keyes, Fox, and Wiedman; and Mortenson Construction.

CCSA also highlighted several policy accomplishments since the organization launched in February:

Collaborated with other solar advocacy groups to successfully promote passage of a bill in the Massachusetts legislature to raise the state's caps on community solar and prioritize community solar in the next generation incentive program. CCSA ran a successful paid media campaign and met regularly with key decision-makers to emphasize the importance of community solar for the Massachusetts economy and ratepayers.

Engaged in the NY REV proceeding to determine future compensation rates for community solar customers and developers. CCSA became a Party to and submitted formal comments in the state's "LMP+D" proceeding, which will be critical in determining the viability of the state's community solar program.

Provided input to the Maryland Public Service Commission (PSC) to support the adoption of favorable community solar regulations and the launch of a 218 MW community solar pilot program this summer.

"We have seen positive recent developments in states like New York, Massachusetts and Maryland, and we know that our work has just begun," said Hannah Masterjohn, Chair of CCSA with Clean Energy Collective. "Interest and engagement in the industry is growing very quickly and we expect a dozen new states to consider creation of new community solar programs in 2017. States nationwide are interested in addressing access to solar for all, especially as conversations on distributed generation heat up nationwide."

CCSA's new website (www.communitysolaraccess.org) includes complete information on the association's membership and partners, background on community solar and links to community solar resources nationwide. The new website can be accessed at www.communitysolaraccess.org. CCSA also has a presence on Facebook (www.facebook.com/communitysolaraccess) and Twitter (@solaraccess).

In the coming year, CCSA will also be working with its members, utility and industry partners and stakeholders on the development of model programs for the expansion of access to solar in new markets across the country.

Community solar is a rapidly growing market in the United States with immense market potential. A recent NREL report outlined that market potential of up to $16 billion in investments and up to 11 gigawatts of cumulative installed capacity through 2020. Successful community solar models are operating across the country with a beneficial role for all parties in the partnerships forged between subscriber, developer, and utility.
